Update website cc pages. (#215)
yagpdb-cc/yagpdb-cc: yagpdb-cc-website/docs/suggestion/suggestion.md

title: Suggestion CC
---

This command is the main suggestion command with suggestion create/edit/delete and suggestadmin commands.

**Trigger Type:** Regex

**Trigger:** `\A(\-\s?|<@!?204255221017214977>\s*)((del(ete)?|edit)?suggest(ion)?|(sa|suggestadmin)\s+((?:mark)?dupe|deny|implement(ed)?|archive|approved?|comment))(\s+|\z)`  
Note: If your prefix is not `-` replace the `-` at the start of the trigger with your prefix.  

> **Usage:** Refer to [Suggestion Read Me](suggestionREADME.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Usage:** Refer to [README](suggestionREADME.md).
```

P.S. - REMOVE the leading comment AND the second comment, so that you can save the command. Otherwise youll get an error!

> Refer to the [Suggestion Read Me](suggestionREADME.md) for an explanation about the configuration variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [README](suggestionREADME.md) for an explanation about the configuration variables.
```
